Exercise 8: Update README with manual deployment steps (#8)
chidin194/DevOps-Course-Starter: README.md

docker build --target test --tag todo-app:test .
docker run todo-app:test
```

## Manual deployment process

> The image to be deployed through Azure can be found on Docker Hub at [this link](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/chiaradinansoftwiremy/-todo-app/general). The website can be found at [https://chidin-todo-app.azurewebsites.net/](https://chidin-todo-app.azurewebsites.net/).

Reviewer: Minor, but I think there's a small typo in the DockerHub link

```suggestion
The image to be deployed through Azure can be found on Docker Hub at [this link](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/chiaradinansoftwire/my-todo-app/general). The website can be found at [https://chidin-todo-app.azurewebsites.net/](https://chidin-todo-app.azurewebsites.net/).
```

Author: Corrected, thanks for spotting!
